# A04:2021<br>Insecure Design

>A new category for 2021 focuses on risks related to design and architectural
flaws, with a call for more use of threat modeling, secure design patterns, and
reference architectures.

---

## A04:2021<br>Insecure Design

>Insecure design is a broad category representing different weaknesses, expressed as “missing or ineffective control design.”<br><br>An insecure design cannot be fixed by a perfect implementation as by definition, needed security controls were never created to defend against specific attacks.

---

## OSINT time

- **`Login Jim`** - Reset Jim's password via the Forgot Password mechanism with the truthful answer to his security question.

Note:

- Try "Reset password". See secret question.
- Browse application, find "Green Smoothie"
- Try "OWASP Juice Shop Holographic Sticker", "OWASP Juice Shop-CTF Velcro Patch" products
- Looks like it's startrek related.
- Google "Starfleet jim"
- "James T. Kirk" has a brother "George Samuel Kirk".
- Answer is "Samuel".

---

## Resources

- [Threat modelling manifesto](https://threatmodelingmanifesto.org/)
- [Threat modelling info from the Equinor AppSec Team](https://equinor.github.io/appsec/threat-modeling/)
- [OWASP SAMM: Design:Security Architecture](https://owaspsamm.org/model/design/security-architecture/)
- [OWASP SAMM: Design:Threat Assessment](https://owaspsamm.org/model/design/threat-assessment/)
- SAMM = Software Assurance Maturity Model

---

## Primary defenses

- Use threat modeling <!-- .element: class="fragment" -->
- Establish and use a secure development lifecycle with AppSec professionals to
help evaluate and design security and privacy-related controls <!-- .element: class="fragment" -->
- Integrate security language and controls into user stories <!-- .element: class="fragment" -->
- Write unit and integration tests to validate that all critical flows are
resistant to the threat model <!-- .element: class="fragment" -->
- Segregate tier layers on the system and network layers depending
on the exposure and protection needs <!-- .element: class="fragment" -->
